It looks like we were going to make a warm salad with squid points
the civilians we need are
it's a little varied salad
you can find homes a year the fantastic
about 350 grams squid sports surveillance of everything is that the pen
it does not stay inside
we would have about 350 grams of mg buoy about 4 soon
sahagún olive oil
a little white wine
Modena balsamic vinegar
knight pepper brown sugar
haji parsley and a little bit of sesame for companies to decorate
good we have put the onions to pose with poquitos city a little tip of being very
small amount
and we have left approximately 20 minutes five minutes
before it was over
what we have done is add cinema
a little white wine and a couple of tablespoons of brown sugar which is what
that was that Iranian car and the jam point
We will not leave five more minutes
and that list
Well now what we are going to do is towards the tips of calama we are going to put
a little oil
in the same street we've made
na the candied onion
and when I catch it fixes temperatures
lasarte both
especially these sixths in this case kind or frozen from a roof
defrost
who opted for percent water during the day when the population
what we want is that they suffer is better
leave a little bit of strong fire so that this water goes by and there are
little
they are things that he did not know that all we are going to do is go home
we reserve
who also to take even a little bit this Saturday that nothing happens
we add more effective
amount we can wolf has also booked
we pay or four
and we need to add
in garlic and parsley parsley that luis has simply been frozen
Well, with this accident what we are going to do is reserved
and we will not stop and then finish making the dressing of the area
we are a goal
do not worry about a day that you have
the part is brown is part of the same strain that we are here
well now with a mixture of garlic and parsley shake we had made one of
the employees
we are going to measure
a little city
nolito edu
It includes
a little bit of balsamic vinegar for July
a pinch of salt
without Internet
and then the quake gap will be measured
and all this is just mixing it well
no pressure
way we're going to simply do mountain-dish
we were a little bit of lettuce
varied
in this case it will be investigated but if you do not have it
that someone likewise
in fact in the background
we are already a little
then
caramelized onion
the tips of calama
if it is a subject without light
if it will simply be a matter
that with the mixture we have made
quinones beginning
crisis in the typical dishes cost